	Caleb glanced back in the rearview mirror trying to identify the men in the blacked out BMW behind him. All he saw when he looked back was two men, pretty bulky by his standards, in all-white suits and black sunglasses. They were unidentifiable. One of them appeared to be holding an assault rifle; he didnt know much about guns but it didnt look like anything he had seen in movies or on TV. These guys must be pretty serious, he thought as he swung the car around the next corner. He first noticed the car following him a few blocks after he left from work in DC and figured it must have just been a coincidence. It was only after several minutes and noticing the car follow him turn for turn always exactly three cars behind him that he realized something was wrong. Why were these men following him though? What had he done? Caleb thought back through the past week and tried to come up with anything he could have done to warrant the obviously professional hit men that were chasing him. Nothing came to mind, after all there wasnt much he could have gotten in to. He was just a mid-level government worker at the FBI building. He wasnt even officially part of the FBI; he was only a GS-8 working nine to five just to pay rent in his Alexandria townhouse. As Caleb checked back in his rearview mirror again the car tailing him appeared to be gone. Breathing a sigh of relief he checked all around the car. His stomach dropped as soon as he looked over out of the passenger window. The black car was pulled up even with him with its window rolled down and the passenger had his rifle leveled at him.
	Why werent your men able to stay hidden? the man raged. It was a simple enough task, all they had to do was trail this nobody for a few days and monitor his activity! He slammed his fist down on the table. 
	Were sorry, sir, apologized the other man, glancing over at his partner. Well make sure everything is handled appropriately.
	How can anything be handled like this? the first man questioned as he gestured towards the view screens displaying footage from the traffic cams. The hit men had pulled up next to Caleb and the men in the room could see the faint view of a muzzle pointed out of the window. How is anything going to be handled if this man ends up dead?
	Caleb searched frantically for somewhere he could go to escape what was certainly going to happen. He slammed on his brakes and the BMW flew past him and he could see the man with the gun turn around in his seat to watch where he went next. Caleb pushed the pedal to the floor and cut across 3 lanes of traffic to reach the exit. Drivers honked their horns angrily as he drove down the exit and slid around the next turn running the red light. He couldnt go back to his house now; hed seen too many movies and knew that the men could be setting an ambush for him. He pulled into a grocery store parking lot to catch his breath and figure out what he would do next. If he checked into a hotel his card could be traced and he didnt have enough cash in his wallet for a room. He pulled out his phone and checked his contacts; maybe one of his friends could lend him a spare room for a night or two. He picked a co-worker and dialed the number and listened to the ring. 
	Hello? came the voice on the other end of the line.
	Connor? Hey its Caleb, I need a favor from you, Caleb blurted out.
	Yeah, sure thing, what do you need?
Its a long story to explain right now, but I need to stay at your place for a few days.
	Yeah, definitely, thats not a problem at all. Just come on over, Ill be here, Connor said.
	Caleb hung up the phone and sat back in his seat and took a deep breath. He needed to keep his wits about him in order to stay safe and keep whoever was chasing him unaware of his location. He turned the key in the ignition and pulled out onto the street, wary of any suspicious looking cars. None were to be seen so he continued over to Connors house. As he turned onto the street where Connor lived, he saw a trio of black-suited men turning the corner the next street down. How had they known where he was going to go? He parked his car a few houses down from Connors and walked the rest of the way. His knock was greeted by Connors large smile and barking German Shepard.
	Is everything alright? Connor questioned.
	Im not sure, some really weird things have been happening, Caleb said warily, not wanting to tip off Connor to all the details in case he was somehow involved. 
	Weve tracked his location, sir, said the man, a note of relief creeping into his voice. He did not want to suffer the punishment if they had allowed Caleb to escape. It seems he is at one Connor Hardins house, address 1452 Frostleaf Drive.
	Perfect, came the response. I want men stationed at every street corner monitoring his every move. If he leaves the area, I want to know about it before it happens.
	Will do, sir. Why is this man so important? he wondered; all he did was work a simple desk job at the FBI building. He couldnt possibly know anything of value, but who was he to judge? If the Duke wanted him watched and captured then that is what he would do, money was money.
	So youre saying youve been chased since you left work today? Connor asked incredulously. But why? What could they want with you, its not like youre a spy or anyone important, no offense, you just work at a desk.
	Yeah I know thats what Ive been trying to figure out. Caleb had asked Connor a few questions and had assuaged his worries about his involvement. And to make everything worse, I saw a group of men walking around the corner a street down from here. They were all wearing black suits. I think they might know Im here; I cant stay for long. I dont want to get you involved too.
	At least have some food before you head out, Connor insisted. 
	I cant, Caleb said with a wry smile, I need to keep moving, I cant let them pin me down to one location. How did he know this? Before when the men were chasing him, he had attributed his knowledge of what to do to movies hed watched, but this was starting to get weird. It was almost instinct now; he hadnt hesitated in turning down Connors offer of food.
	Caleb left out of the back door of Connors house, climbed the fence and hurried across the lawn over to the next street. The cab he had dialed before he left Connors was waiting for him as promised and he jumped into the back seat and gave the cabdriver the address of the FBI building back in DC. He couldnt take his car because they might have been monitoring it, he couldnt leave through the front door because they would probably be watching that too and the backyard was obscured by tall pines that would conceal him. The same question rose into his consciousness again: how did he know to do these things? He was sure any normal person wouldnt have thought to take those extra precautions. He needed to get back to the FBI office and figure out what was going on.
	Sir, we saw a cab leave the neighborhood a few minutes ago. We didnt see anyone leave the Hardin house, but the men on the ground say they dont see the target in the house anymore.
	I thought I told you I wanted to know if he moved BEFORE he moved? the Duke roared. These men were so incompetent. All they had to do was watch a house and report to him if the target left, as soon as he left. 
	Were sorry sir, he must have suspected we knew where he was and slipped out of the back. We have eyes on the taxi now though, he wont outsmart us again.
	He already outsmarted you one time too many, thought the Duke. He wasnt supposed to be this prepared; he wasnt supposed to remember any of his training. If he was smart enough to take a taxi rather than his own vehicle, sneak out of the back, and elude his men on the highway this clearly was not the case. How much did he know?
	Caleb was hoping the FBI building was the last place the mysterious men would look for him. After all, what sane people would try to apprehend someone in a federal building, much less in the Federal Bureau of Investigation? Unless these men were working for them. The thought chilled him to the core. He pushed it out of his head and swiped into the building. The first thing that struck him as being odd was the lack of people. Usually there were several receptionists working at the front desk twenty-four seven. He shrugged it off and walked over to the bank of elevators and pressed the call button. As he waited for the elevator to arrive he looked around the first floor and began to notice more strange things. It didnt seem that the receptionists simply werent working; it more seemed that they had left in a rush. The chairs werent pushed in neatly; they were left at awkward distances from the desks like someone had pushed them back from the desk in a hasty attempt to leave. The computers were also on with their lock screens showing. If they had indeed left for the night, they would have been shut off. Something was definitely wrong here. He was interrupted from his reverie by the rude sound of the arrival of the elevator. Cautiously he stepped inside and pressed the button for the 17th floor where his cubicle was located. As the elevator climbed higher and higher up the feeling of dread grew exponentially within him as he passed each floor. The chime signaled that Caleb had reached his destination and the doors opened. 
	Sir, the elevator has reached the seventeenth floor, the man announced. What should I have the men do?
	Hold them in position, and DONT let them be seen. I want him to think hes alone, Im curious to see what hell do, instructed the Duke. What did he hope to find in his cubicle? He highly doubted that there was anything of significant importance.
	Yes sir, the men are holding in position.
	As Caleb stepped out of the elevator his sense of paranoia grew stronger. The whole floor appeared to be empty. There were usually a few people who stayed late working but tonight there wasnt anyone to be found. To top everything off, the lights were all turned off too. The lights were never off, even in a power outage a group of emergency generators kicked on to provide power. The only way the lights would ever be off is if someone manually turned them off which was incredibly rare. 
	Caleb walked over to the room where the breaker board was and turned the knob. Unlocked. This door was never unlocked, not unless maintenance was doing work, but it was well past the time that they would be doing anything. Warily Caleb opened the door and peered inside. He didnt see anyone so he stepped inside and flipped the breakers back on. He watched the space outside as each bank of fluorescent lights flicked on one by one. As he was looking across towards the far side of the room he saw a dark figure dart into one of the cubicles. He suspected it all along; the men had followed him here and set a trap to catch him. 
	He sprinted out of the electric room and ran to the stairs. He couldnt take the elevator; the men would surely catch him as he waited for it to arrive. He burst through the stairwell door and pounded down the stairs two at a time. Before he realized it he was already down to the twelfth floor. He stopped to catch his breath and looked up the stairwell above him. Seeing nothing he craned his ears listening for any sound that the men would be following him. Still, nothing. He continued to rest for a few more seconds but stepped inside to the twelfth floor just in case the men were chasing him.
	Sir, he just ran down the stairs. Were not sure where he went since there are no cameras in the stairwell, the man said hesitantly, flinching in expectance of the rage to come.
	WHY CAN YOU GUYS NOT DO A SINGLE THING RIGHT? exclaimed the Duke. All your men had to do was STAY STILL! How hard can that be? Apparently very hard, he concluded, answering his own question. This was a waste of time, he had been assigned a terrible team of men and it seemed that Caleb was remembering more than he was supposed to. He reached over to a button on the side of his desk.
	As Caleb rested in one of the desk chairs contemplating his next move, a blaring klaxon sounded throughout the building and red alarm lights started flashing. What did they do now? Pull the fire alarm to flush me out? Im not going out that easily, he thought. Suddenly his vision clouded and felt a sharp pain coming from the back of his head. Nerve agents now? But I saw no gas His thoughts trailed off as he passed out and his head fell to the desk.
	


